feat: added option to load contracts using `ABIs` (#1635)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/contracts.md

contract = Contract("v2.registry.ychad.eth")
```

## From ABIs

You can load contracts using their ABIs:

```python
from ape import Contract

address = "0x68b3465833fb72A70ecDF485E0e4C7bD8665Fc45"

> abi = '[{"inputs":[{"internalType":"contract MultiWrapper"...]'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abi = '[{"name":"foo","type":"fallback", "stateMutability":"nonpayable"}]'
```

contract = Contract(address, abi=abi)

> # or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

have a new line and include `or` on the next line

> # path can be relative to project or absolute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Or you can specify a path, relative or absolute
```

abi_file = "abi.json"
contract = Contract(address, abi=abi_file)
# or

> abi_as_object = [

Reviewer: For the same of simplicity, use the same object as the `str`, like:

```python
abi_as_object = [{"name":"foo","type":"fallback", "stateMutability":"nonpayable"}]
```
